5 Well it is the length extending the Wood et al fuel consumption
It is number one in economics
It is melancholy of this Daihatsu that has increased constipation over low cars
j 15 mode It 's a great fuel efficiency of 32km.
This Yase who has thoroughly pursued its fuel efficiency
a
The grade is g, but it is firmly today
I would like to try it
I will say that of course Hey eco idle not idle outside and put that is while in the chair
Paid but
In fact, it is much less are people twist drop the speed when you try to stop at the signal red
Ne
And speed is of whether the raw wide and already now
I'm doing idling stop, so the stop is naturally very quiet before
And when the groom changes and takes his foot off the brake
There is almost no place to start but it is small
It is very clever has started to win Toka jerk
And I'm accelerating now, but as soon as the principle is done
We are starting to charge, that is , using the energy of principle 5 Paki energy to the battery
It's supposed to store, but it's quite reasonable, and if it accelerates now, charging will
I will not do it
At the time of principle, it is also raising the face here to charge only with the fly movie
1 A very smart system is built in
04 role family was 19 seconds in the test course
However, this is that conventional minicar or a Norvar business
Fish is portable as acceleration of natural intake
So to horsepower also it has dropped a little 6 Zhang Liang
It has a light run because the weight of the car has been reduced. If you say a TV car, Takahashi is bad
I feel that
In the case of democracy, it has never stopped running
Firmly waiting for power performance
I 'm feeling tired